 

We are currently looking to hire senior developers.

These roles will challenge the skills of the successful applicants. 

The successful applicant will require .NET (C#) and MS SQL development skills. 
The senior roles require someone with understanding of large scale databases with high transaction volumes and the complexities this brings. 

These skills would be advantageous for the junior role also.

We audits all types of devices on a network our technology stack is very complex. 

The primary technologies the candidates will be working on are .NET C#, Oracle and MS SQL, exposure to other database systems, operating systems and networking technologies (VMWare, AIX L-PAR, Solaris Zones, Cisco IOS, etc.) are relevant.

Experience of automated development environments and development of Content Management Systems will be advantageous.

REQUIRED SKILLS:

Experience developing large scale transactional and/or batch processing applications following a full software development life cycle.
2+ years of .NET experience developing a mix of ASP.NET web applications, complex multi-threaded .NET services and .NET windows applications for the junior role, 5+ years for senior roles.
2+ years experience developing T-SQL applications using complex logic for the senior roles.
Familiarity with common development toolsets including NANT, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2005, Microsoft Project, and Subversion.
The successful candidates will require:

Ability to design and implement scalable application architectures.
Ability to build relational data models and communicate their intent.
Ability to identify architectural problems in existing and proposed application designs.
Ability to work to agreed specifications managing your own time effectively to meet agreed deadlines.
Ability to work well within a team.
DESIRED SKILLS:

Ability to normailize and manage large MS SQL Server databases including configuring indexes, constraints, statistics, and logging.
Ability to develop applications utilizing low level network communications such as NetBIOS, SMB, WMI, Remote Registry, SSH, and/or Telnet.
Experience working with Unix/Linux environments including application deployment, performance tuning, knowledge of shell scripting.
Experience working with C++, Win32 C++, Perl would be advantageous.
Experience with automated development and test solutions such as RoR, MSBuild, Visual Studio SDK extensions, etc.
This is an opportunity to become a key player in a fast growing software company.
Contact Us for more information.




Business Description of Integration

SYSTEM_X is the litigation system used by CLIENT_X legal department for all legal matters, claim related or not. This system is currently integrated to all legacy systems and must also be integrated to SYSTEM_Y ClaimService.

The integration between SYSTEM_X and SYSTEM_Y ClaimService occur at three different moments:

•	SYSTEM_X retrieves claim info from ClaimService and flag the claim (exposure) as related to a judicial process
•	SYSTEM_X notifies of ClaimService of a legal payment to be made against a claim (exposure)
•	At the end of the month, ClaimService generates a list with all payments made during the month that were requested by SYSTEM_X

There is a fourth moment related to this process but it is not an integration between SYSTEM_X and ClaimService, instead it is an integration between SYSTEM_X and the GL System (SAP). A the end of the month, SYSTEM_X will generate a file with all accounting operations (reserves, payments) for a legal matters and submit to the General Ledger system. This file goes through many transformations before being delivered to SAP, but none of those would require SYSTEM_Y ClaimService processing.

Performance and Availability
Requirement	Expectation
Approximate time to retrieve claim info	< 3 sec
Approximate time to request legal payment	<3 sec
Approximate time to generate monthly payment batch file	Within batch execution window
Availability of external system	Same as ESB availability

Related Artifacts
This integration will require:
•	A ClaimService web service that upon receiving a claim number, will retrieve some claim information and also flag the corect exposure as related to a legal matter.
•	A ClaimService web service that will receive payment instructions from SYSTEM_X to execute payments against a claim/exposure
•	A ClaimService batch process that will be executed monthly that wil generate a file containing all legal payments executed during the previous month.

Related Issues
Currently the SYSTEM_X refer to all claim matters as a 8 digit number, with ClaimService this 8 digit will need to be used to refer to the claim number and also exposure identifier so that the correct exposure can be flagged and the legal payments are associated to the correct exposure.

Assumptions
Business Assumptions
SYSTEM_Y InsuranceSuite
•	SYSTEM_Y ClaimService will be able to identify the claim and exposure with the information received by SYSTEM_X
•	For a payment request, SYSTEM_Y ClaimService will be able to identify to correct cost category and cost type (indemnity, attorney fees, expenses, etc.) and the beneficiary
•	ClaimService is not responsible to calculating taxation related to a payment received from SYSTEM_X
•	The financial transactions (reserves and payments) originated from SYSTEM_X, will not need to be sent to the ClaimService – General Ledger integration since it is already sent by SYSTEM_X at the end of the month.
•	A claim flagged as with a legal matter on SYSTEM_X does not require any special treatment (i.e. read only exposures, block payments, etc.) or functionality on ClaimService
•	If a claim is inappropriately flagged as with a legal matter by SYSTEM_X, the same will need to have the flag removed since there is no process by SYSTEM_X remove a flag from a claim previously retrieved.

External System - SYSTEM_X
•	SYSTEM_X will be modified to submit the claim-exposure information to ClaimService.
•	SYSTEM_X will continue to generate the monthly accounting file to be submitted to the General Ledger.


Technical Assumptions
SYSTEM_Y InsuranceSuite
•	ClaimService will publish two web services to be published at the CLIENT_X ESB and be consumed by SYSTEM_X
o	The first service will: 
?	receive a 8 digit identifier from SYSTEM_X which will be used to identify a claim and exposure on ClaimService
?	flag the claim/exposure as related to a legal matter on SYSTEM_X
?	retrieve basic claim/exposure information to be returned to SYSTEM_X
o	The second service will:
?	receive a 8 digit identifier from SYSTEM_X which will be used to identify a claim and exposure on ClaimService, together with payment information (cost category and type, beneficiary and amounts).
?	Create the reserve for the appropriate claim/exposure with cost category and cost type and amount received from SYSTEM_X and issue a payment to the beneficiary.
?	Return to SYSTEM_X a confirmation of payment entered or an error if the claim/exposure are not found.
•	ClaimService will have a new batch process schedule to be run on the first day of each month to identify all legal payments received from SYSTEM_X during the previous month and output them to a file

External System - ESB
•	The	ESB will publish the SYSTEM_Y WebServices related to SYSTEM_X, the ESB will perform any data transformations needed by both systems.

External System - SYSTEM_X
•	SYSTEM_X will consume services published by SYSTEM_Y on the ESB. 
•	SYSTEM_X will submit the information required to identify a claim/exposure
•	SYSTEM_X will include as part of the payment request the appropriate cost type, cost category, amounts and beneficiary
•	SYSTEM_X will include the appropriate taxation information related to these payments
•	SYSTEM_X will generate the monthly files with all legal accounting movements (reserves, payments, etc.)
Dependencies

Dependency	Impact of Missed Dependency
CLIENT_X ESB Web Services need to be estimated and build	Unable to consume ClaimService web services.

User Stories
New legal matter on SYSTEM_X related to a Claim on ClaimService
1.	The user on SYSTEM_X will be able to enter a 8 digit number to associate a claim to a legal matter.
2.	The SYSTEM_X will invoke the ESB service which will identify if this is a ClaimService number and invoke the service from ClaimService
3.	ClaimService will search its records for the appropriate claim/exposure with the 8 digit received from SYSTEM_X
a.	If the claim/exposure is not found, an error message will be returned
b.	If the claim/exposure is found, the exposure will be flagged and basic information will be returned


New payment o SYSTEM_X
1.	Since SYSTEM_X is unable to communicate to the SAP financial system, upon having a payment entered on SYSTEM_X, if this payment is related to a claim present on SYSTEM_Y ClaimService, SYSTEM_X will invoke a service on CLIENT_X’s ESB informing:
a.	The claim/exposure identifier
b.	The cost category and type for this payment
c.	The amount of the payment
d.	The beneficiary information including taxation and bank information
2.	CLIENT_X ESB will return this information, perform any transformation and send to SYSTEM_Y ClaimService
3.	SYSTEM_Y ClaimService will:
a.	Locate the claim and exposure
b.	Create a new reserve with the cost type/category and amount for the claim/exposure
c.	Issue a payment for the full amount against this reserve payable to the beneficiary informed by SYSTEM_X together with the taxation information
d.	This reserve and payment transactions will not be sent to the enterprise general ledger

End of month, payment closing file
1.	At the first day of every month, a new batch job will be scheduled on ClaimService to execute and identify all legal payments processed on the previous month that were requested by SYSTEM_X
2.	This file will be made available for SYSTEM_X to consume


Messages
Description of Message	Number of Data Elements	Estimated Derivations	Event to Trigger Message
None			


Risks
Risk	Probability	Impact	Mitigation Plan
ESB Services not implemented	Low	High	Unable to use integration.
SYSTEM_X unable to send claim/Exposure information	Medium	High	If SYSTEM_X cannot be modified, another process will need to be put in place, such as an activity to a user to research and identify the correct claim/exposure for all SYSTEM_X operations.

